When you enlist in the military you're basically signing a contract saying
you agreed to do something and you agree to it for a period of
time, usually a number of years at least. Once you've signed that a
your legally and morally and ethically in my mind, obligated to commit
to that contract and finish it up. But what happens if you have a
severe set of circumstances that have changed? If your health fails,
or if your family has a dire need your the only surviving son for
parents who cannot take care of themselves or something a nature. There
are rare occasions when the military will allow you an early out
to take care of those kinds of issues, but by and large I think you
should never go into any contract with the intention of quitting it.
And that's certainly goes for the military, because leaving the military
in the lurch, you know if there is a missing person on the firing
line, that means the remainder of us on the firing line or put
in danger. So the military takes a very serious view of that contract
so you really should not go the military with the idea of "oh I'll
try it a couple of months then go out". So it's very hard to quit the
military